"1. Create 20 files with .txt extensions and rename the firt 5 files to .yml extension

1. Create a file with .txt extension (/home/demo.txt). 
Change the permission set if that file, so that any user can read it, the group can read/write & owner can read/write/execute it.

"1. Get me the IP address of a particular domain (guvi.in) 2. How do I find the CPU/memory usage of my server? 3. Test the connectivity between 2 nodes.


1. Do hands on with sample bash scripting


Practice if statements with multiple matching conditions.


Install docker on EC2 and explore the docker commands (docker images, containers)

Create a custom docker image for nginx and deploy it using docker-compose, where the volume mount should be at /var/opt/nginx location. Push the created custom docker image to your docker hub.


Create a simple script file , with some data present it and push it to repo. Now Create a project in Jenkins connected to your GitHub repository. When a commit is made to your repo, automatically build must get triggered from Jenkins and the output must be shared to me via email.

Launch a t2.micro instance in Mumbai region where ssh can be done only from your IP address with docker and docker-compose installed in it.

1. Create a S3 bucket, with no public access and upload files to the bucket 2. Launch two ec2-instances and connect it to a application load balancer, where the output traffic from the server must be an load balancer IP address

Create Repo in CodeCommit & practice CodeBuild & Pipelines.

Write Terraform script to create highly available infrastructure in AWS. The infra should have1 vpc, 3 subnets setup in 3 different az and 2 instances setup in 2 different subnets

Setup minikube at your local and explore creating namespaces (Go through official documentation)

Create the K8s EKS,further you have to do the deployment of Nginx application

Launch an ec2 instance under a default subnet and VPC using terraform template





